BD-4839 Canvas View dropdown for Report Builder 2 (#9993)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/analytics/reporting/report_builder.md

Your selection for **Rows** affects the metrics you can select.

> {% alert tip %}
> If you want to report on Canvas variants or steps, select **Canvases** for rows and either nothing or **Date** as the drilldown. This creates a **Canvas View** dropdown to view metrics for the Canvas only, or group metrics by variant, step, or message. 
> 
> ![The opened "Canvas View" dropdown.]({% image_buster /assets/img/report_builder_2/canvas_view_dropdown.png %}){: style="width:40%;"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert tip %}
If you want to report on Canvas variants or steps, select **Canvases** for rows and either leave the field empty or select **Date** as the drilldown. This creates a **Canvas View** dropdown to view metrics for the Canvas only, or group metrics by variant, step, or message. 

![The opened "Canvas View" dropdown.]({% image_buster /assets/img/report_builder_2/canvas_view_dropdown.png %}){: style="width:40%;"}
```
